refactor: minor naming changes and updates in specs (#3204)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: x/minfee/README.md

# `x/minfee`

## Abstract

> The `x/minfee` module is responsible for managing the gov-modifiable constant `GlobalMinGasPrice` introduced in v2 within the network.`GlobalMinGasPrice` ensures that all transactions adhere to this global minimum threshold, which is set in the genesis file and can be updated via governance proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `x/minfee` module is responsible for managing the gov-modifiable parameter `GlobalMinGasPrice` introduced in app version 2. `GlobalMinGasPrice` ensures that all transactions adhere to this global minimum threshold, which is set in the genesis file and can be updated via governance proposals.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
